[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with Randy Cramer who
has participated in a covert
military space program for 18
years called the Earth Defense
Force.
Today we are talking about
psionic abilities of ETs.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>> RANDY CRAMER:
Thanks for having me,
>> EMERY: For the
sake of our viewers,
can you explain what
psionics means actually?
>> CRAMER: Sure.
Psi is a root word
that means mind.
Onic is another
suffix that means
either the way of or a wave of
or method of or way of, anyway.
So it's basically
just your mind powers.
>> EMERY: Is it
similar to telepathy?
>> CRAMER: Telepathy would
be a psionic ability.
>> EMERY: Got it.
Now do all--
>> CRAMER: Telekinesis
would be a psionic ability.
Telepathy would be
a psionic ability.
Precognition would
be a psionic ability.
Et cetera.
Psionics would be the category.
Any skill would be an
ability under that category.
>> EMERY: Now do all ETs
have psionic abilities?
>> CRAMER: No.
All species are not
universal in this way.
You have what we
often simply refer
to as the psionic species.
Species who live a daily
existence in which psionics
is part of their
upbringing, from childhood,
part of their adolescent,
and adult life and part
of their everyday existence.
Psionically-emergent species
are like what we are,
where some people are
experiencing their lives
as a psionic experience
all the time.
Some people are not.
And some people are, but
don't realize that they are.
And then you have the
non-psionic species.
There are species
that do not seem
to have a protensity to develop
psionic skills and abilities.
And I'm not sure what in their
genetics or lack thereof maybe
the reason for that.
But there are some
species that do not
seem to have any psionic
ability whatsoever.
>> EMERY: Do they mention which
species has the best psionic
abilities and which species
or race has the worst?
>> CRAMER: I wouldn't certainly
know what would be on the worst
end of that list.
But the most evolved species
psionically are certainly
the creator species.
The ones that have just been
around longer and have millions
of years of mind to develop.
>> EMERY: A highly
developed species.
Does that also
mean they're going
to have high psionic abilities?
>> CRAMER: Not a guarantee.
I would say more often
than not, a species that
is more developed,
there is a likelihood
that they will be also
psionically developed.
Those things usually come
hand in hand over time.
But a species
doesn't necessarily
have to be psionic
to be developed.
You can be a developed species
with a developed civilization.
You can still have evolution
without psionic development.
Even though they
mostly go hand in hand.
But there are some
exceptions, Obviously,
that has something to
do with genetics that I
can't explain because I
don't know enough about it.
>> EMERY: Could you tell
us about the development
of psionics through the
species in the whole universe?
Is there like a tier format?
>> CRAMER: Well, I mean,
there's certainly fundamentals
and basics which every species
learns some version of.
So for instance, you have a
tube that goes through your body
that you can't see mine.
I can't see yours right now.
But it's a central tube
in which all energy,
subtle cosmic pronic,
Chi or otherwise,
moves through your body.
So every species starts with
you have a central tube.
And then you have
chakras, or what
we call psionic foci, which
depending on what system
you're using, what planet
you're on, how your biology is.
Depends on whether you
have 7, 8, 5, 3, 12, 18,
or whatever that number is.
But your species
is going to define
that you have a central tube.
You have psionic foci.
You have channels.
And then pretty much
universally breathing
is what moves energy
through those channels.
And then developing some sort
of cranial defense, body defense
to keep things out,
keep things in.
Keep your things in and
other people's stuff out.
Those are basic
fundamentals that you
would learn in some
form or another
in any psionically-emergent
psionic species
where some fundamentals
are taught.
It all starts with the
most basic fundamentals,
which are what are the most
basic elements that you have
as an energy body to start with
that your mind has the ability
to affect through
mental focus, thought,
emotion, et cetera,
that can change
how that energy is behaving.
And from that very
get go you have,
OK, am I moving
energy up or down?
Moving left or right?
And from that elementary,
kindergarten point of view,
development over time
turns into telepathy,
telekinesis, precognition.
More developed
skills and abilities.
At our school I teach that your
brain is like a psionic muscle.
And that it's like a
little baby arm that's
like wiggling all over the
place and can't do anything.
And you if you exercise that
psionic brain muscle over time,
it will get stronger and
steadier and more coordinated.
And so it is really just
the development and use
over time, which takes a
person, any person or being,
from an emergent state to a
psionic state through practice.
Practice.
Which is what leads
to development.
>> EMERY: Can you talk about
specific psionic races that
stand out in your mind?
>> CRAMER: Sure.
So I mean, since we were talking
about the Draconians before.
I mean, they're
awful and horrible,
but they're also very
psionically developed.
So that's a great
place to start.
Again, their main tools
that they use psionically
are trickery, deception,
illusion, fear.
Things that feel very real or
seem very real, but sometimes
aren't at all.
I would say the majority
of their psionic usage
is projecting fear
and projecting terror
and projecting their
largeness, which
keeps other people feeling
very small in front of them.
But again, that's a
very illusory projection
that they are that large.
>> EMERY: Could they take
a life with that ability?
>> CRAMER: Sure.
A developed psionic soldier
could certainly kill someone
using their psionic ability.
Sure.
>> EMERY: Could they
make you kill yourself?
>> CRAMER: That would depend
on the psionic strength
of the individual in question.
At that point, you're
talking about let's say,
here's the attacker.
Here's the defender.
If psionic amplitudes are
here, the attacker wins.
here, the defender wins.
If they're right here,
it's a long fight.
>> EMERY: Do you have any direct
experiences or contact with
these?
>> CRAMER: Sure, yeah.
I mean, I fought them in battle.
They suck.
Yeah.
>> EMERY: Do you give an example
of any positive psionic species
out there?
And how so?
>> CRAMER: Sure, lots.
So again, I would probably
go back to the bronze ones.
I mean, their main thing
is psionic development.
And to the point where, if
I am to understand correctly
what I have been instructed
and taught by them,
that they choose
to live in a body
because they want a
physical experience.
They want to be able
to touch things.
to pick something up.
They want to be able
to taste something.
to smell something.
Your senses, as an energy
being, are not the same
as they are as a physical being.
I'm not saying you can't
psionically smell something
because you can.
But I guarantee a psionic
smell of something
is not going to be the same as
the chemical stimuli hitting
an olfactory sensor,
communicating
to a brain that then tells you
this is what that smell smells
like.
>> EMERY: Is it like an
interpretation of that?
Or it's artificial?
>> CRAMER: I wouldn't say it's
either one of those things.
I'd say it's more like what's
the difference between smelling
something with five nerve
endings versus smelling
something with
1,000 nerve endings.
And they would prefer to have
a physical body and smell
something with
1,000 nerve endings
than just energetically smell
it with 5, if that makes
any sort of mathematical sense.
So they choose to be in a body.
They choose what the body's
operations specifically are.
They choose how
their organs work
and how their organs are placed.
They choose so many--
Everything that
you and I take for
granted as we were just born
that way or we just grew up
that way or we just
evolved that way
is a conscious choice to them.
They literally go, well,
what do I want to do A or B?
I'm going to do A. What
do I want to do this time?
A or B?
I'm going to do B.
Instead of it being
some kind of a
autonomic process,
it is a thoughtful
conscious process
that they choose to
live in a physical body
so that they can interact
with other beings
in physical bodies.
They also think that
it's better to interact
with physical beings
in a physical body
than trying to interact with
them without a physical body.
I can see the validity of that.
And so they live
their entire existence
to master their own physical
body through their mind
so that they can tell
their body to do anything
that it needs to do,
including be anywhere or be
any number of
versions of themselves
that they need to be
at any given moment.
Which means if we had a
bronze one who was standing
right here, be about yay high.
And we called him Zed
just because that's
an easy one, right?
And his ability mentally is that
he could be physically sitting
here having a
conversation with us,
but he could also be
physically present having
a conversation with a hundred--
he could be having 100 other
conversations with 100 versions
of himself being physically
present at that conversation,
and he's still the same person.
>> EMERY: Is there
a limit to that?
>> CRAMER: I'm not
sure what it is.
I'm not sure what his limit is.
I'm not sure if it's 100
or 1,000 or more than that.
But it's a large number.
A larger number than
my brain or your brain
would be able to
try and comprehend.
>> EMERY: How are ETs
using psionics on humanity,
the humans here on Earth?
>> CRAMER: Depends.
I mean, the easiest way
to negatively affect
another being or species or
person without physically
accosting them is psionic--
>> EMERY: Why would they
want to do that though?
>> CRAMER: To
determine an outcome.
>> EMERY: Could they use that
the opposite, to help us?
>> CRAMER: Absolutely.
If you want to get
something from someone
or you want to help that
person do something.
And either way whether
you want to get something
or you want to help them and
you don't want to be noticed,
best way to do either
one of those things
is with a psionic skill
or a psionic tool.
So that would enable you
to be able to either prod
the individual in such a way
to get the thing that you want
or to help the individual in
another way in which you are
seen as having no hand,
no influence whatsoever
because it was all psionic.
>> EMERY: What species is, that
you know of, using psionics
on us right now?
>> CRAMER: I mean, like just
about every species that might
be in our environment.
Boy, that's a good one.
I mean, again, like all of them.
I mean, if they're
a psionic species,
then there is almost
certainly some amount
of psionic influence that
they are attempting to have,
either positive or negative.
>> EMERY: Is it on the
governments, the militaries?
Is it different than that
when they're using psionics
on an individual, for instance?
>> CRAMER: Yeah.
It would depend on whose
department that task, or job,
is, who or what they are
tasked to help or hinder.
And then depending
on whether it's
a single individual,
a group of people,
a department, an agency,
a branch of the military.
Would depend on which
psionic amplifier or number
of psionic specialists using
psionic amplifiers that
would use to get the effect
on that number of personnel.
Obviously, if it's one person
you only need one specialist.
If you're talking about
multiple people or more agencies
or departments, then you're
using tools, amplifiers,
and more personnel.
>> EMERY: How does physical
proximity work into this?
Is it different if you're a few
feet away from me, if you're
a couple light years away?
>> CRAMER: That's a
very good question.
And interestingly enough,
in theory, on paper,
it's not supposed to
make a difference.
But everyone I
can tell you knows
that proximity and distance
does make a difference.
So it's one of those
weird things where
in theory and on paper,
it shouldn't matter
whether you were
this close to me
or whether you were on the
other end of the planet.
>> EMERY: Is it non-linear?
>> CRAMER: Again, in theory and
on paper, it's supposed to be.
It sort of turns out to
be a Heisenberg Principle.
Where if you look at it
like it's a particle,
it's a particle.
And if you look at it like
it's a wave, it's a wave.
And if you think of something
as having no limitation
by distance, then it doesn't.
But if you think that
it does, then it does.
And since almost every living
thing has a physical limitation
that is affected by
proximity, we almost always
project into our own
thoughts and our own minds
that physical proximity matters.
So in the laboratory when
we do psionic studies,
we know it matters.
When we do tests in the field,
we know that it matters.
We know under certain
circumstances,
people are able to ignore that.
And then do what is in theory
and let those proximities no
longer be at play.
But in practice, they matter.
They matter because we think
that they matter and everyone
thinks that they matter.
And you might just think,
oh, I could tell myself
that that doesn't matter.
Good luck.
Because chances are if billions
and billions of other living
things are having that
same obstacle psionically,
so are most people going
to have that same obstacle.
>> EMERY: Which leads
me to the next question.
Are there species
that have more power
than humans with
psionic abilities
that they could, let's say,
use that at greater distances
compared to that of a human?
>> CRAMER: Sure.
Essentially, what equals a
set of psionic outputs, what
comes before the equal sign
is a series of variables based
on mind, tuning or performance
of that mind, cranial capacity,
number of quadrants.
Let's say quadrants
because we have four.
But the number of compartments.
We say quadrants
because it's four.
But there are brains that
can have as many as 12
or 16 compartments.
So that can affect the equation.
The biology of the
species which affects
the energy body of the species
also is part of that equation.
So there's a physics equation.
And x plus y plus z plus a plus
b plus c plus d equals outputs.
Depending on the species,
their brain power,
number of compartments
that their brain has,
how developed they have been
at psionics over centuries
or thousands of years, plus a
certain amount of random who's
a little stronger, who's
a little weaker today
plays out in any interaction.
And so any interaction
is going to have--
those physics variables
have to add up before you
get to that equal sign.
And that outputs,
what we have noticed
is that, again, with
different species humans,
especially, if you have a
series of concentric circles
so that a person is showing a
output of 20 scions per second
at 3 meters and then it goes
down to 15 scions per second
at 2 meters and 10 scions
per second at 3 meters
and then down to 5 or
less at 20m, that's
showing an effect of
that person's outputs
and how they're
affected over distance.
But again, this is part of the
equation that's not constant.
So a certain set of outputs
doesn't have the same decline
over distance that
another person's outputs
can show decline over distance.
A decline in energy and
outputs over a distance
in feet or meters.
So it's different for everybody
because all those variables
are different.
And so there is no--
it's complicated math.
It's some complicated
physics math
in which you have to have
all those variables which
equal outputs.
So a species can have very
intense psionic outputs
at close range.
And may for any
number of reasons
on how that species
develops, grows, learns,
how they train themselves, may
lose tremendous psionic outputs
over distance at a very
short time versus someone
who may have developed
really good lengthy outputs
and less so at close inputs.
>> EMERY: You're
using plural verbiage.
Are you saying that the
species could actually
bundle their psionics together
for an attack or to heal?
>> CRAMER: Oh yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, you could say-- so
all those variables that equal
outputs, we could call that O1.
And another person has another
equation that equals O2.
And then another
person could have
an equation that equals O3.
That's their outputs one,
outputs two, outputs three.
You can combine those.
And then there's
another equation
where O1 plus O2 plus O3 equals
O to 1 plus 2 plus 3 plus 4
parentheses to the power of X.
>> EMERY: Are there certain
protocols that need to be
respected?
Or can ETs just
enter anyone's mind?
>> CRAMER: Well, there is a
general protocol of respect.
Which is you don't go around
poking around in other people's
brains, nor do you want
to go sending stuff
into other people's brains.
So it would be rude for me to
go around reading other people's
minds and it would
be rude for me
to also be projecting thoughts
into other people's minds.
Both of those things
are considered
rude and discourteous.
So the majority of
psionic individuals
would respect that because
it's rude to do otherwise.
Scientists, military personnel,
spies, secret agents, whatever.
I mean, those people
go by different rules.
And so depending
on the circumstance
will depend on whether
someone will just
throw those rules to the wind
and either invade or read
someone else's psionic mind
space when they it would
be considered rude to do
so or project thoughts
into someone's mind
where it would otherwise
consider be rude to do so.
If there's a military
function or purpose,
well, then civil cordiality
is off the books there.
>> EMERY: If an extraterrestrial
would approach you using
psionics and you do not
know how to use psionics,
would they teach you?
>> CRAMER: They might.
Depends on how nice they are.
If they were nice and they're
patient, then they might.
But if they're not very nice
or they're not very patient,
they might just not
want to take the time.
>> EMERY: And are they
scanning that individual to see
if they're even capable of that?
>> CRAMER: Yeah, sure.
I mean, they're looking
for that immediately.
So that's the first
thing you're looking for.
Is this person even capable
of psionic communication?
>> EMERY: Is there a
place in the brain where
it's centralized, where these
psionic abilities develop?
>> CRAMER: That's a
yes and no answer,
because they're sort of several
areas of the brain that are
critical to psionic
growth and development.
And they all have to be part
of the equation for it to work.
>> EMERY: Which
parts of the brain?
>> CRAMER: Well, your frontal
lobe and your brain stem,
your lower brain, and
your pineal gland.
So it's really the front,
the middle, and the back.
So you have three sections.
Back section, middle section,
and the front section.
And in order to do
most psionic abilities,
it requires a balancing
act between what
your brain is doing in
all of those three things.
So if your frontal lobe
is thinking too hard,
you will inhibit your ability
to perform psionic skills.
If you are over influencing
from your brain stem
or from your reptilian
brain, then you're
over stimulating this
part of the brain.
And you're not going to get the
connection to your frontal lobe
that is required.
So either one of
those over focusing
is not going to get
you what you want.
Over focusing on the
pineal gland would actually
can do the same thing.
It's just going to get you a
certain kind of information
or a certain kind like trying
to open up your brain's ability
to see outside the
visible light spectrum
into the wider EM spectrum,
which your pineal can do.
But all three of those things
are required to juggle.
>> EMERY: So you're saying--
you kept using the word focus.
So are you saying that thoughts
could actually mess that up?
>> CRAMER: Yeah,
they absolutely can.
Yeah, thinking the wrong--
I mean, I don't want to
overstate this because this
is not exactly how it works.
But thinking the
wrong thoughts can
mess with what you're
trying to do psionically.
But just thinking
the right thoughts
is not the only thing that
you need to do either.
So it's correct to say you want
to have focused clear thinking.
And it's also correct
to say that if you
get unfocused unclear
thoughts, that that
can mess with your process.
But it's also wrong to say
that that's the only thing that
affects the outcome.
>> EMERY: What will it take
humans to upgrade their own
psionic abilities?
>> CRAMER: A lot of calm and a
lot of groundedness and a lot
of centeredness and a lot
of people not grabbing us
by our lapels and shaking
the crap out of us.
I mean, if there's one
thing that I have learned,
it is that you can have
random psionic acts
and random psionic
development under conditions
of extreme stress.
And we even train and
teach sometimes people
how to do things
under extreme stress.
Bilocation, for instance.
Teleporting is
something that usually
has to happen under an extreme
stress to get someone to do it.
But for the most
part, to train people
and to get them to learn
and develop the skills,
you have to teach them in a
calm, clear, grounded, safe,
secure environment.
If you open the door to
class, to psionics class,
and the first thing
you start doing
is throwing stuff at people
and say, dodge the object.
I mean, you're throwing
someone's ability
to be calm and think
and meditate and focus
in such a way that you are
hampering that person's ability
to psionically develop.
Well, if we think of the entire
planet as our school room,
it's too much yelling, too
much screaming, too much
throwing stuff
around for anybody
to really learn and develop.
So most people are
having a difficult time
learning, growing, and
developing because there's
just too much noise going on.
So we all need to quiet
down and calm down a bit
before we really start
to develop and grow.
>> EMERY: Are people that are
quiet and have that meditative
capability, are they more
susceptible to learning
psionics?
Or is psionics just
downloaded into the human?
>> CRAMER: It's
innate in all of us.
So it's like if you've
got a fancy sports car.
Someone gave you a Ferrari
and said here's the keys
and didn't tell you
how to drive it.
And maybe you'd never
driven a car before.
And so you get in.
And it's like, OK,
I'm in first gear.
And you're driving down
the road not realizing
that there's a second
gear or a third gear
or that it has
headlights or a radio.
And that you're driving
in this super amazing car
that you don't know what
half the stuff does.
And that as you learn,
oh, wait it has a radio.
Wait, I have lights.
I can drive this
thing in the dark.
Wait, I have gears.
I can go faster.
Once you start to learn
what your brain really is,
which is like that sports car.
That it's not just a
Model T driving around.
It's got crazy fast
super cool abilities,
but you have to learn them.
And you have to, oh,
this is what this does.
How do I practice this?
I mean, I don't know.
The first time I tried
to gearshift a car.
First time, right?
So it took a minute.
So my metaphors are a
little loose sometimes.
But these are ways to think
about how your psionics have
to grow and develop.
Imagine being in a vehicle
that you just didn't
know how the components worked?
You just didn't know how
the things worked together.
And you just had to figure
stuff out by pushing buttons.
It might take a while.
Or if someone came along
and sat down and go,
oh, here's your problem.
Put your foot on the clutch.
Do this.
And explained it
to you, which is
what I feel like we do when we
teach our students psionics.
We're just teaching them the
basics and the fundamentals
that no one's ever
taught them before.
And then usually within a
pretty short period of time,
they're flying along
because someone explained
the basics of how it works.
And then they can
start to experience
what that is doing the basics.
And then you do
the basics enough
and you build up that
muscle in your arm.
And then you can do
more and more and more
and more and more.
But it's all about starting
from it's innate in everybody.
No one is either more
gifted or less gifted.
What people have is
some genetic propensity
that's higher than others.
But mostly what
people have is they
were either raised in
environments of high acceptance
or low acceptance.
And if you were raised as a
child in an environment you
were told, stop imagining that.
Stop talking to the cat.
Stop talking to your
imaginary friend.
Stop doing this
and this and this,
you're shutting down
that child's psionics.
And if you were that
child, then your parents
shut your psionics down
when you were a child.
And you might have to
reopen them or have
some other experiences
or experiences that
might happen to you in
order to make that occur.
Someone who is born in a
high acceptance environment
simply wasn't battered down
and was given the opportunity
to be in more acceptance.
But those two people can develop
to be the same level of person
or have the same level
of psionic outputs
and psionic mastery.
Because it's only dependent, at
the point at which they start
the path of development,
how long, how much time,
how much time per day, for how
many weeks, months, or years do
you put into it.
That's what equals development.
That's what equals skill level.
That's what equals outputs.
>> EMERY: Compared to
extraterrestrials that have
these psionic abilities, where
do humans rate on the ruler
there?
>> CRAMER: So that comes into
a question about development
and potential.
So development would be like--
so if we were to think of the
Terran species in a development
stage, we could think of it
like a 13 or 14-year-old child.
Not fully grown.
Not a five-year-old.
But growing adolescent.
We could think of
our development
as a psionic species to be
about a 13 or 14-year-old.
Say like the Draconians
for instance,
their development would
be like a 75-year-old man.
So they've had more time at it.
They've had longer
years, decades,
centuries to develop at it.
But potential
wise, our potential
is greater than their
potential, because we
have a mammalian brain and
they have a reptoid brain.
And the mammalian brain has
an opportunity for development
that the reptilian
brain does not have.
>> EMERY: Are we limitless then?
>> CRAMER: Yes, theoretically--
>> EMERY: With
psionics, of course.
>> CRAMER: Right.
And theoretically,
this comes down
to the neurobiology
part of the brain that
allows mammals to play.
So the same part of your
brain that allows two wolf
cubs to jump around and
play with each other,
two cats to jump around
and play with each other,
or two kids to jump around
and throw balls and play
with each other,
that's mammalian brain.
Reptiles don't have that.
And so there's something
in their creative process
that is limited because they
don't have the play brain.
Something in our
creative process
is stimulated and
fueled by the play
brain that does potentially lead
to a near unlimited potential.
So you're talking
about development,
they're a little more developed
than we are as a species.
But because our
potential is higher,
right now I would say
our best psionic soldiers
kick the shit out of their best
psionic soldiers right now.
They're just that much better.
But that's because we can
beat them on potential even
though they have us on
development, which means
we can develop beyond them.
>> EMERY: As children pray
to God with their energy
and emotions, can a human do
the same thing energetically,
psionically, to an
extraterrestrial that receives
it?
>> CRAMER: Yes.
My understanding of the
largest Galactic bureaucracy,
the largest department is the
guidance counselor department.
And so the guidance
counselor department
is where all the
guides go to work.
So any people who
have communication
with their guides,
they're helpers.
So this is what happens there.
If you were an intergalactic
person and you came to a place
in your life and you're
like, I want to help out.
I really want to do more.
And someone would say, you
should go to the guidance
counselor division.
And you would go to the
guidance counselor division.
They would set you in a cubicle.
You would sit in a cubicle.
You would put on a
psionic amplifier halo.
And then you would just sit
there answering questions
to all the people that
might be needing guidance.
And that their internal system
would match you to that person
to help guide them.
So guides are just intergalactic
guidance counselors
who work in the biggest
fricking office building
ever who sit at a cubicle
and answer phone calls
from people who need help.
They're intergalactic
social workers.
They just sit there all day
long answering questions.
So if a person sends out
a random psionic message,
help me.
Who's going to answer?
Someone from the intergalactic
guidance counselor department
who is going to
answer and say, here,
let me try and help
you out with that.
And some guidance is good.
Some of it's not so good.
So you can always say, I
don't want to talk to you.
And hang up and talk
to someone else.
You can fire someone as
guidance counselor, as a guide.
But it you absolutely can.
Caution should be taken
to anyone just calling out
into the universe for
help because you never
know who's going to answer.
But if you are specific to
guidance and counseling,
then you'll most likely just be
routed straight to the guidance
counselor department.
And then you'll be assigned
a guide or 9, or depending
on how many you might need.
>> EMERY: Randy, thank you
again for being on the show.
>> CRAMER: Thank you
again for having me.
My pleasure.
>> EMERY: My name
is Emery Smith.
And this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]